# Player-tech-assignment
The following README, gather my toughts, my choices, my assomptions, my mental process, e.t.c.

## My toughts
At the begining, I was confused about what this assignment was supposed to be. I was requested to wrtite a tool intend to automatate updates of players (in the field), but the assignment state that this is already accomplish every 15 minutes by an API. The assignment also state that the tool to write will be used by many users using different operating system taking a csv file as input. Being that said, I was having a hard time to see where automation fit in since it require manual user input and an API already doing the job.

## My assomptions
Taking into consideration the above and the rest of this assignment description, I assume the following:

  * Field players query the API to see if they need to update.
  * The csv file is either generated by someone or by another microservice and given to the user.
  * The user use this tool and use the csv as input to update API informations retreived by field players and update accordingly.
  * The user is an Octave Group employes or parteners and have basic knowledge of computer and Command Line Interface (CLI).
  * The user will already have a working environment to use nvm, nodeJS and npm.
  * This is a common tool and the result only matter to the user.

## My choices
I deceided to use nodeJS as programming language for couples of reasons.

  1. Work on many operating system (Windows, macOS, GNU/Linux)
  2. If this tools were to be used by players end user, it would require a minimal effort to convert this tool into an express application and making it an available as a web app for non tech savy users.
  3. I used to this environment, which simplify the process for me. 

## Mocks
Since the bespoken API is not part of this assignment, I still decided to create a mockup of that API. The mock folder contain the requirement for a very basic mockup. It only expose a `fetch` function design to copy the behaviour of node-fetch input parameters.

## Area of improvement

  * Implement a caching mecanism for the expiring token
  * Keep logs history into file
  * Implement a limitter in case CSV has a lot of entries
  * Implement a retry mecanism on failed API call
